Well come back my students for those of you that are sleeping wake up for those of you that are active
and ready to learn.
Let's do it.
Even if you're not ready just listen to me.
OK.
So let's get going.
So what do we need here.
We have a form that we need to check to see if some values the password field and the confirmed password
field are the same.
Remember this is what we got here.
We need to make sure that this are the same before we go anywhere else.
We can include some Jake way of mean or javascript ideation here.
A female 5 in Asia maybe.
But we're going to do this in the service side.
Now one word of advice if you want to make your logon username unique besides a validation that we guy
remember that we have a registration year with some functions that can check to see if that e-mail address
or the or the username.
We have those validations.
But if we want to do this in the backend with your database you can oh you have to do is go to that
the field that you want to make let's say unique you want to make this username unique and all you have
to do is come here and add a key and immediacy it was very easy to do this as going to be in situ.
And let me see if it's here
let's go back to structure here.
And he was super easy to.
OK more.
There we go.
So all you have to do is click unique.
I think my screen is so small that OK.
See that's what it is is here.
But when this is responsive it goes to the more functionality right here.
So you have to do is make this unique and you're going to have some validation in your database and
you might skew old databases.
OK.
So you feel that you want unique you make him unique right here.
So that way you never have the same username again.
So let me just make that unique.
Let me just do it right now to show you.
So right now this is the code that as you well called alter table users add a unique user name.
I guess me.
You're going to see this Kyra you see that.
So anyway let's go back here.
And let's check for form submission for to see if this passwords are the same this input fields
so
there is a little feature on the video that you're watching on some of the platforms that you can make
it so.
That is fast faster than what you're watching right now.
I think is one at 1.5 or two Xs that you can make me basically go faster.
Just in case I'm typing too slow for you or you one this to finish faster.
OK you can put that setting in your video some video platforms.
So anyway let's just do this one here we want to make sure that they are both there.
And they're both being set and that this is confirm I believe is confirm password if I'm not mistaken.
So let's go ahead and check this out first because I didn't get that in here.
So let's come here.
And we go and now we are going to echo these out.
They are both the same.
If it passes well not the same.
They're both being set.
That's what I mean.
You can check to see if they are the same as well and we're going to do that but let's just do this
real quick answer in the passage of the nation.
So let's go ahead and create one on the next lecture on how to act the matter of fact I want to I'm
going to give you that as a little challenge.
Just make sure that you compare this to create a ball now statement and compare this to.
And then we are going to be writing some more code.
I'll see you in the next lecture.